CLEANING PROCESS FOR THE  DATA-SET RIGHT-WING AUTHORITARIANISM SCALE IN 2015

The dimensions of the dataset before cleaning are:
  9881 90

The names of the columns in the dataset aren't following the snake_case so we
we have change it, to that format.

The columns q1 and q2 are warm questions so we have delete them for the average
of the test as e1 and e2, they are the time that the people needed for answering
that questions.

All the time must to be in seconds because the total time that you have for
answering the test is max 3 - 5 minutes

Some times are negative, it is time so negative values aren't logical, so we
have deleted them

We have sum the values that the people spend answering the questions of rwas and
we have put the sum in a new variable call time_a_rwas, after we deleted the
columns e. Also we have sum the columns with all the time that the people spend
during all the process between the introduction to the answer of the general
questions and we put this in a variable call total_time_s, after we have deleted
the introelapse, testelapse, surveyelapse columns. All of this is because we have
all the information of this columns summarice in the new 2 columns.

For the columns time_a_rwas we divide the value for 1000 because the time that
were there were in milliseconds.

For answering the questions we don't need the answers about Personality
Inventory and definitions that you know, so we deleted them.

The score is reverse for some questions in RWAS so we had to recode them with
the normal values.

The columns age had values over 100 years old, so we have remove them.

The column country isn't neccesary for answering the questions, but can be very
interesting to analyce it so we have keep it, but it has some NA values so it is
important don't drop na values now, only at the moment that we will work with it.

The questions for RWAS were pivot longer so the number of question is in a column
call number_question and the score for each question are in a column call score.
There we did the conversion for the columns 4, 6, 8, 9, 11, 13, 15, 18, 20, 21,
because they score were reverse in them.

For solving the question about the familysize for each style of childhood we
have taken the columns urban that describe the place when the people live when
they were child and then we took the familysize column for determine the
familysize average. We have take the familysize of 36, 69 and 100 as outliers,
so we will not use them for the average calculation. Note even if we take the
outliers the average continue to be the same because it is a lot data so the
outliers don't interfere  with the result
